Replace KeyVault by passwordless (#53)
Azure-Samples/spring-petclinic-microservices: README.md

```
```

Create a service principal for the application:

```bash
ASSIGNEE_OBJECTID=$(az ad sp create --id $AZURE_CLIENT_ID --query id --output tsv)
```

Create a service principle with enough scope/role to manage your Azure Spring Apps instance. Following example assigns contributor role on the resource group hosting the infrastructure:

```bash
az role assignment create --role contributor --subscription ${SUBSCRIPTION} --assignee-object-id  $ASSIGNEE_OBJECTID --assignee-principal-type ServicePrincipal --scope /subscriptions/${SUBSCRIPTION}/resourceGroups/${RESOURCE_GROUP}
```

Add federated credentials for GitHub in Azure AD.

```bash
az rest --method POST --uri 'https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/applications/<GITHUB_OBJECTID>/federatedIdentityCredentials' --body '{"name":"<CREDENTIAL-NAME>","issuer":"https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com","subject":"repo:<OWNER>/spring-petclinic-microservices:ref:refs/heads/azure","description":"Testing","audiences":["api://AzureADTokenExchange"]}'
```

In the previous command, replace the following values:
CREDENTIAL-NAME: The name of the credential. This is the name that will appear in AAD portal.

> ASSIGNEE_OBJECTID: The object ID of the service principal created in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GITHUB_OBJECTID: The object ID of the service principal created in the previous step.
```
seems it should be the `GITHUB_OBJECTID` var

Author: You are totally right

```

The results in the command line will look like this:

```bash
{
  "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#applications('000000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000')/federatedIdentityCredentials/$entity",
  "audiences": [
    "api://AzureADTokenExchange"
  ],
  "description": "Testing",
  "id": "000000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
  "issuer": "https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com",
  "name": "github-petclinic-actions",
  "subject": "repo:Azure-Samples/spring-petclinic-microservices:ref:refs/heads/azure"
}
```

It will look like this in Azure AD portal:
![Federated Credentials](./media/azuread-github-federated-credential.png)

> [!NOTE] It can take few minutes to refresh the federated credentials in Azure AD portal.

### Prepare GitHub Secrets

The actions expects the following secrets to be set in your GitHub repository:

* AZURE_TENANT_ID: The tenant ID of the Azure subscription hosting the Azure Spring Apps instance.
* AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID: The subscription ID of the Azure subscription hosting the Azure Spring Apps instance.

> * AZURE_CLIENT_ID: The client ID of the service principal created in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AZURE_CLIENT_ID: The client ID of the Azure Active Directory application created in the previous step.
```

Not sure whether the explanation of the client id would be confusing here since there are multiple service principals or IDs generated before.
